OU-138: Move QueryBrowser component to dynamic SDK (#12841)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/console-dynamic-plugin-sdk/docs/api.md

---

## `QueryBrowser`

### Summary 

A component that renders a graph of the results from a Prometheus PromQL query along with controls for interacting with the graph.

### Example

```tsx
<QueryBrowser
  defaultTimespan={15 * 60 * 1000}
  namespace={namespace}
  pollInterval={30 * 1000}
  queries={[
    'process_resident_memory_bytes{job="console"}',
    'sum(irate(container_network_receive_bytes_total[6h:5m])) by (pod)',
  ]}
/>
```

### Parameters

| Parameter Name | Description |
| -------------- | ----------- |
| `customDataSource` | (optional) Base URL of an API endpoint that handles PromQL queries. If provided, this is used instead of the default API for fetching data. |

> | `defaultSamples` | (optional) The default number of data samples plotted for each data series. If there are many data series, QueryBrowser may automatically pick a lower number of data samples than specified here. |

Author: 👍 I think "might" works well here

| `defaultTimespan` | (optional) The default timespan for the graph in milliseconds - defaults to 1,800,000 (30 minutes). |
| `disabledSeries` | (optional) Disable (don't display) data series with these exact label / value pairs. |
| `disableZoom` | (optional) Flag to disable the graph zoom controls. |
| `filterLabels` | (optional) Optionally filter the returned data series to only those that match these label / value pairs. |
| `fixedEndTime` | (optional) Set the end time for the displayed time range rather than showing data up to the current time. |
| `formatSeriesTitle` | (optional) Function that returns a string to use as the title for a single data series. |

> | `GraphLink` | (optional) Component for rendering a link to another page (e.g. for getting more information about this query). |

Author: 👍

> | `hideControls` | (optional) Flag to hide the graph controls for changing the graph timespan, etc. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hideControls` | (optional) Flag to hide the graph controls for changing the graph timespan, and so on.
```

Author: 👍
